hey YouTube this is random projects 100
and my project right now is Chucky
we bought this Chucky at Spencer's at
the ball and all we did was color his
skin a little bit darker put in some
stitches some real ones and color his
cuts darker put some eyebrows and yeah
took off we use like we bought boiled
his head we took off the whole head we
boiled it then we basically used some
nail polisher remove her and then we
took off the blue part that was like
right on his eye we took that off and
then used some nail polish or yeah and
then we just basically just painted his
eye and with her and then um put some
makeup on his eye to make it look like a
little bit of Bruges and put in some
real staples on his hair on his face
yeah he's clear and his on his hand - I
don't know if you can see it but there
are three staples on his hand and some
stitches make sure to color in all the
cuts even on the side so it can look
more real and color in his face first
before you do anything and yeah
basically it all when you can we need to
do now is give it another coat on his
shirt right now cuz it is dyed but it's
not sweet like you can't see it that
good so I'm still going to give it
another coat of red dye or paint it
doesn't really matter
dye works better since its closing and
just we basically just cut this and then
the only thing that's left is to cut out
his eyes and put in some crystal eyes or
like those real doll eyes that's
basically it and then you just like do
that and then there you go your replica
of a real Chucky doll from the movies